Terms and Conditions of preview
These Terms govern

the use of this Application, and,
any other related Agreement or legal relationship with the Owner
in a legally binding way. Capitalized words are defined in the relevant dedicated section of this document.


The User must read this document carefully.

This Application is provided by:

company address

Owner contact email: info@iubenda.com

TERMS OF USE
Unless otherwise specified, the terms of use detailed in this section apply generally when using this Application.

Single or additional conditions of use or access may apply in specific scenarios and in such cases are additionally indicated within this document.

By using this Application, Users confirm to meet the following requirements:

Content on this Application
Unless where otherwise specified or clearly recognizable, all content available on this Application is owned or provided by the Owner or its licensors.

The Owner undertakes its utmost effort to ensure that the content provided on this Application infringes no applicable legal provisions or third-party rights. However, it may not always be possible to achieve such a result.
In such cases, without prejudice to any legal prerogatives of Users to enforce their rights, Users are kindly asked to preferably report related complaints using the contact details provided in this document.

Access to external resources
Through this Application Users may have access to external resources provided by third parties. Users acknowledge and accept that the Owner has no control over such resources and is therefore not responsible for their content and availability.

Conditions applicable to any resources provided by third parties, including those applicable to any possible grant of rights in content, result from each such third parties’ terms and conditions or, in the absence of those, applicable statutory law.

Acceptable use
This Application and the Service may only be used within the scope of what they are provided for, under these Terms and applicable law.

Users are solely responsible for making sure that their use of this Application and/or the Service violates no applicable law, regulations or third-party rights.

Common provisions
No Waiver
The Owner’s failure to assert any right or provision under these Terms shall not constitute a waiver of any such right or provision. No waiver shall be considered a further or continuing waiver of such term or any other term.

Service interruption
To ensure the best possible service level, the Owner reserves the right to interrupt the Service for maintenance, system updates or any other changes, informing the Users appropriately.

Within the limits of law, the Owner may also decide to suspend or discontinue the Service altogether. If the Service is discontinued, the Owner will cooperate with Users to enable them to withdraw Personal Data or information and will respect Users' rights relating to continued product use and/or compensation, as provided for by applicable law.

Additionally, the Service might not be available due to reasons outside the Owner’s reasonable control, such as “force majeure” events (infrastructural breakdowns or blackouts etc.).

Service reselling
Users may not reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit any portion of this Application and of its Service without the Owner’s express prior written permission, granted either directly or through a legitimate reselling programme.

Intellectual property rights
Without prejudice to any more specific provision of these Terms, any intellectual property rights, such as copyrights, trademark rights, patent rights and design rights related to this Application are the exclusive property of the Owner or its licensors and are subject to the protection granted by applicable laws or international treaties relating to intellectual property.

All trademarks — nominal or figurative — and all other marks, trade names, service marks, word marks, illustrations, images, or logos appearing in connection with this Application are, and remain, the exclusive property of the Owner or its licensors and are subject to the protection granted by applicable laws or international treaties related to intellectual property.

Changes to these Terms
The Owner reserves the right to amend or otherwise modify these Terms at any time. In such cases, the Owner will appropriately inform the User of these changes.

Such changes will only affect the relationship with the User from the date communicated to Users onwards.

The continued use of the Service will signify the User’s acceptance of the revised Terms. If Users do not wish to be bound by the changes, they must stop using the Service and may terminate the Agreement.

The applicable previous version will govern the relationship prior to the User's acceptance. The User can obtain any previous version from the Owner.

Assignment of contract
The Owner reserves the right to transfer, assign, dispose of by novation, or subcontract any or all rights or obligations under these Terms, taking the User’s legitimate interests into account. Provisions regarding changes of these Terms will apply accordingly.

Users may not assign or transfer their rights or obligations under these Terms in any way, without the written permission of the Owner.

Contacts
All communications relating to the use of this Application must be sent using the contact information stated in this document.

Severability
Should any provision of these Terms be deemed or become invalid or unenforceable under applicable law, the invalidity or unenforceability of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions, which shall remain in full force and effect.
